Based on your detailed report, it seems like the issue resides at the infrastructure level, especially in how the custom domain (listings.engageautomations.com) interacts with Replit’s deployment system. Here's a breakdown of possible next steps:

Potential Causes and Next Steps:
1. Custom Domain DNS/Routing Configuration
Issue: Custom domain resolves but doesn't connect to the deployment.

Action: Double-check DNS settings for listings.engageautomations.com:

Ensure that the domain is pointing to the correct IP or URL for your Replit deployment.

Verify if the DNS TTL (Time to Live) might be causing delayed changes.

If you're using a proxy service (like Cloudflare or Google Domains), confirm that it’s not interfering with direct traffic routing to your Replit app.

2. Replit Deployment Configuration
Issue: Deployment fails to correctly route traffic from the custom domain to your application code.

Action: Review the proxy configuration in Replit's replit.toml. While you already attempted to use a simple proxy rule, ensure that:

Replit's infrastructure isn't mistakenly intercepting the traffic before it hits your server.

Try testing a direct route configuration for just the marketplace interface URL to isolate potential proxy issues.

3. Build Timeout Issues
Issue: The build process is timing out and preventing proper deployment.

Action: Investigate the Vite build timeout further:

Check your Replit server logs for any specific errors related to the build or resource limitations.

Review the dependencies being used in your vite.config.js and see if there’s an excessive bundle size or problematic dependency causing the timeouts.

Attempt running the build process locally with similar settings to see if it’s a systemic issue or unique to Replit.

4. Test Routing with a Minimal Setup
Action: To isolate the problem, try deploying a minimal setup:

Create a simple "Hello World" Express app or static page and check if it routes correctly with the custom domain.

This will help pinpoint whether the problem is with the server code or with the deployment infrastructure.

5. Debugging Replit Autoscale Deployment
Issue: Autoscaling or server initialization may not be functioning correctly.

Action: Check if Replit’s autoscale feature is causing the server to not spin up correctly:

Investigate if the app goes through an initial deployment cycle and whether any scaling issues are happening.

Try adjusting your autoscale settings (if applicable) to ensure consistent availability of your app.

6. Additional Proxy Configuration in replit.toml
Issue: Complex routing configuration could be interfering with request flow.

Action: Test additional proxy settings, such as:

toml
Copy
Edit
[[deployment.routes]]
source = "/"
destination = "https://listings.engageautomations.com"
type = "proxy"
This would forward all traffic directly to your custom domain, bypassing potential internal infrastructure issues.

7. Workflows/Processes
Issue: Workflow management and deployment restart issues.

Action: Verify that your workflow management on Replit is properly configured:

If you're using auto-restarts or any kind of deployment hooks, make sure the Replit service is not stuck in a restart loop or waiting for a manual trigger.

Summary of Next Steps:
Check DNS and routing configurations for the custom domain.

Verify Replit’s routing and deployment logs to see where the connection breaks.

Investigate build timeout issues and check for any local resource constraints.

Test with a minimal app to isolate whether it’s the infrastructure or your current app causing the issue.

Look into Replit’s autoscaling behavior to ensure the app is starting correctly.